Update some text in `MAINTENANCE.md` (#176)
fatiando/community: MAINTENANCE.md

## Onboarding

Current maintainers are responsible for onboarding new maintainers and getting them
up to speed with our processes.

Start by opening an issue in the repository titled "Onboarding {maintainer} as
maintainer". Use the following template:

> Checklist for the new maintainer:
>

> > - [ ] Read the [`GOVERNANCE.md`](GOVERNANCE.md) and [`MAINTENANCE.md`](MAINTENANCE.md) and make sure to understand your new responsibilities. Ask any questions you might have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - [ ] Read the [`GOVERNANCE.md`](https://github.com/fatiando/community/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md) and [`MAINTENANCE.md`](https://github.com/fatiando/community/blob/main/MAINTENANCE.md) files and make sure to understand your new responsibilities. Ask any questions you might have.
```

Reviewer: Otherwise they won't be linked in the new repository.

Author: Good catch!

> > - [ ] Add yourself to the `pyproject.toml` file in the repo (so your name show up in PyPI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - [ ] Add yourself to the `maintainers` section of the `pyproject.toml` file in the repository.
```

It seems that PyPI only really shows the first maintainer in this list. The "Maintainers" tab there is derived from the people with access on PyPI. We should consider removing that bit of metadata to be honest. We have the author already and PyPI gets the information from elsewhere. It's not mandatory to have.

> - [ ] Double check you are using a **unique strong password** and have **2FA enabled** on the following services (we also recommend using a password manager):
>     - [ ] GitHub
>     - [ ] PyPI
>     - [ ] TestPyPI

> >     - [ ] Zenodo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>     - [ ] Zenodo
> - [ ] Post a message below with your login on PyPI, TestPyPI, and Zenodo.
```

Zenodo DOI for all versions. This citation will include everyone who has
contributed to the project and met our [authorship criteria](AUTHORSHIP.md).

Include the following text in the `doc/citing.rst` file (or `CITATION.rst` if

> it exists):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the following text in the `doc/citing.rst` file:
```

I've removed all of them.

```

If the project has been publish as an academic paper (for example, on
[JOSS](https://joss.theoj.org)), **update the `doc/citing.rst` file (or

> `CITATION.rst`) to point to the paper instead of the Zenodo archive**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[JOSS](https://joss.theoj.org)), **update the `doc/citing.rst` file to 
point to the paper instead of the Zenodo archive**.
```
